Update module requirements with consensus from today's meeting (#48)
nf-core/modules: README.md

    - All NGS modules MUST accept a triplet [name, single_end, reads] as input. The single-end boolean values MUST be specified through the input channel and not inferred from the data e.g. [here](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/blob/028a9b3f9d1ad044e879a1de13d3c3a25a06b9a7/nf_core/pipeline-template/%7B%7Bcookiecutter.name_noslash%7D%7D/modules/nf-core/fastqc.nf#L13).
- Process names MUST be all uppercase.
- Each process MUST emit a file `<TOOL>.version.txt` containing a single line with the software's version in the format `v<VERSION_NUMBER>`.
- All outputs MUST be named using `emit`.
- A Process MUST NOT contain a `when` statement.
- Optional inputs need development on the nextflow side. In the meanwhile, "fake files" MAY be used to work around this issue.

### Atomicity
- Software that can be piped together SHOULD be added to separate module files unless there is an run-time, storage advantage in implementing in this way e.g. `bwa mem | samtools view -C -T ref.fasta` to output CRAM instead of SAM.

### Resource requirements

> - Each module MUST define a label `process_low`, `process_medium` or `process_high` to declare resource requirements. (*These flags will be ignored outside of nf-core and the developer is free to define adequate resource requirements*)

Reviewer: I guess you're not talking about the module developer here?

```suggestion
- Each module MUST define a label `process_low`, `process_medium` or `process_high` to declare resource requirements. (*These flags will be ignored outside of nf-core and the pipeline developer is free to define adequate resource requirements*)
```

### Software requirements
- Software requirements SHOULD be declared in a conda `environment.yml` file, including exact version numbers. Additionally, there MUST be a `Dockerfile` that containerizes the environment, or packages the software if conda is not available.

> - Docker containers MUST BE identified by their `sha256(Dockerfile + environment.yml)`. Like that, identical containers are implicitly re-used across subcommands.

Reviewer 2: Maybe mentioning that subcommands will use the same container although each of them will have their own Dockerfile

> - Docker containers MUST BE identified by their `sha256(Dockerfile + environment.yml)`. Like that, identical containers are implicitly re-used across subcommands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docker containers MUST BE identified by their `sha256(Dockerfile + environment.yml)`.
- Each module must have it's own `Dockerfile` and `environment.yml` file
    - Care should be taken to maintain identical files for subcommands that use the same software. Then the hash tag will be the same and they will be implicitly re-used across subcommands.
```
